---
title: Call for Papers
layout: page
---


### Technical Papers

We welcome original and unpublished research ideas, methods, techniques,
empirical studies and surveys related to the management of variability. We
particularly encourage the submission of research-in-progress and vision papers
describing preliminary results, problem statements and open issues, especially
in emerging domains where variability poses new challenges. Submissions should
be up to 4 pages (+ 2 additional pages for references only) for short papers, or
up to 8 pages (+ 2 additional pages for references only) for long papers. Each
submission will be reviewed by 3 different reviewers following a
double-anonymous review process in which the identity of authors will not be
known to the program committee at any time during the process. The papers
submitted must not reveal the authors’ identities in any way.

* Authors should leave out author names and affiliations from the body of their
  submission.

* Authors should ensure that any citation to related work by themselves is
  written in the third person, that is, "the prior work of XYZ" as opposed to
  "our prior work".

* Authors should avoid provide URLs to author-revealing sites (tools, data
  sets). Any supplemental sites should be fully anonymized. While open science
  is encouraged for all authors of all papers, visiting such sites should not be
  needed to conduct reviews.

* Authors should anonymize author-revealing company names yet can provide
  general characteristics of the organizations involved needed to understand the
  context of the paper.

Authors having further questions on double-anonymous reviewing are encouraged to
contact the Program Chairs by email. Papers that ignore the double-anonymous
requirement and overtly reveal authorship will be desk-rejected.

### Variability-in-Practice Papers

We welcome contributions from practitioners, industry, and researchers
describing real-world, variability-related problems or solutions, including
methodologies, tool demonstration and experience reports. Submissions should be
up to 4 pages (+ 2 additional pages for references only) and will be reviewed by
3 different reviewers. The review for variability-in-practice papers will follow
a single-blind review process.

### Format and Submission Site

All submissions must be written in English and follow the [double-column ACM
template](https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template) with the
options `sigconf`, `review`, and `anonymous` (for technical papers only):
`\documentclass[sigconf,review,anonymous]{acmart}`. At least one author is
expected to attend the conference and present the accepted paper.

[Submissions will be handled via EasyChair.](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=vamos2023)

Accepted contributions will be published by ACM in the conference proceedings.

### Ten-years Most Influential Paper

We are proud to celebrate VaMoS’ own history and outstanding past publications.
As such, we will continue the 10-year most influential paper award tradition and
will reward papers from the earlier VaMoS editions that had the highest impact
on the community and beyond.
