---
title: Registration
layout: page
---

<style>ul { padding-left: 15px; }</style>

Registering for VaMoS 2023 is done through SDU's [Conference
Manager](https://www.conferencemanager.dk/vamos23/signup) system. Follow the
instructions on the page to sign up.

There are two registration options -- one that includes the planned social
activities, and one that doesn't. The social activities are scheduled for 26
January and consist of a visit to the [HC Andersens
Hus](https://hcandersenshus.dk/en/) museum and a dinner at [Den Gamle
Kro](https://dengamlekro.dk/). Both options include the conference lunches and
coffee breaks.

The early registration deadline is **11 December 2022** and the two options cost
DKK 3750 and DKK 3000, respectively. The final registration deadline is **15
January 2023**, with the prices set at DKK 4000 and DKK 3250.

### Application for Free Registration for PhD Students and Postdocs

Thanks to the support of the Carlsberg Foundation and the Digital Research
Centre Denmark, we offer 10 free registrations for the VaMoS conference to
motivated PhD students or postdocs that wish to attend the conference.

Applicants must send an email to the General Chair
([mauro@imada.sdu.dk](mailto:mauro@imada.sdu.dk)) with the subject line:
"Application for VaMoS free registration - [Your Last Name]" **before 23
November 2022**. The email should provide the following information:

- a text of max 2000 characters explaining the scientific relevance of the
  participation at VaMoS 2023 in relation to the applicant's current scientific
  development and activities,

- a short CV of max 2 pages including personal data (full name, address, etc.),
  education (for academic degrees, list the date and year when you obtained the
  degree), current and most recent employment.

To support university research groups or research centres in developing
countries in their aim to grow into excellent research centres by upgrading
local academic personnel, 2 free registrations are reserved for students coming
from institutions from the [UN list of developing
countries](https://www.un.org/development/desa/dpad/least-developed-country-category/ldcs-at-a-glance.html).
These students will also be entitled a sum of 3000 DKK to partially cover the
accommodation costs.

Applications will be evaluated by the general chair (Jacopo Mauro) and the PC
chairs (Myra Cohen and Thomas Th√ºm) and prioritized based on the relevance of
the conference participation to the scientific development and activities of the
applicant. Further ties will be solved by considering the time of arrival of the
application. If you have questions regarding the application procedure, please
contact [mauro@imada.sdu.dk](mailto:mauro@imada.sdu.dk).
