---
title: Venue
layout: page
---

## Location

VaMoS 2023 will take place at the Odense Campus of the [University of Southern
Denmark](http://www.sdu.dk/en/), [*Room
U45*](https://clients.mapsindoors.com/sdu/573f26e4bc1f571b08094312/details/563cb929423b7d0540c9a4d1).

## Directions

You can use the [Rejseplanen (Journey
Planner)](https://www.rejseplanen.dk/webapp/?language=en_EN) service to find
your way around Odense and Denmark in general. Alternatively, [Google
Maps](https://www.google.com/maps) is up to date and works just as well.

### Getting to Odense

Getting to Odense from one of the airports is easiest by train, which stops at
Odense's main station (Odense St.). Trains are operated by
[DSB](https://www.dsb.dk/en/) and tickets can be bought on their website.

#### From Copenhagen airport

The Copenhagen airport has a direct train line to Odense. Everything you need,
the ticketing office and the exit to the platforms, is available from the lobby
on Terminal 3 at the airport. The journey takes approximately one and a half
hours.

#### From Aarhus airport

There is unfortunately no direct train line from the Aarhus airport to Odense.
Therefore, the trip is both by bus and train. The airport has a [direct bus
line](https://www.aar.dk/en/to-and-from-aar/) to the Aarhus main station, from
which you can take the train to Odense. The journey takes approximately two and
a half hours.

#### From Billund airport

Like Aarhus, the trip from Billund airport is both by bus and train. The airport
has a [direct bus
line](https://www.bll.dk/en/parking-and-transport/to-and-from-the-airport/busser/)
to the Vejle main station, from which you can take the train to Odense. The
journey takes approximately two hours.

### Getting to SDU

Once in Odense, the University of Southern Denmark main campus can be reached by
bus (operated by [FynBus](https://www.fynbus.dk/?lang=29)), by [letbane (light
rail)](https://www.odenseletbane.dk/english) or by car. Since the public
transportation lines might change, the best way to plan your trip is to use
[Rejseplanen (Journey
Planner)](https://www.rejseplanen.dk/webapp/?language=en_EN) and follow its
instructions.

Tickets for both the bus and the light rail can be bought from the [FynBus
webshop](https://webshop.fynbus.dk/) or the FynBus Mobilbillet smartphone app
(available for both Android and iPhone). For the bus specifically, tickets can
also be bought from the bus driver. If you're planning on coming by car, there
are parking spaces available at the campus.

The main campus is formed by an extended number of buildings. If you get lost,
just enter any university building: they are all connected, and there are maps
on most main doors. You can also find your way by using [SDU's online
map](https://maps.sdu.dk).
